.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" (C) Copyright 2016 Charlie WONG <1213charlie@gmail.com>,
.\"
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH REF 1 "January  7, 2016" "ref manual" "User Commands"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
.B ref
- give example usage of commands
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ref
[\fIAREA\fR] [\fB\-L \fR[en|zh|ez]] [\fB\-h\fR|\fB\-v\fR]
.IR cmds...
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.B ref
is used to quick reference of commands.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-L [en|zh|ez]
Search for given language
.br
\fBen\fR     english
.br
\fBzh\fR     chinese
.br
\fBez\fR     english and chinese
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Show summary of options.
.TP
.B \-v, \-\-version
Show version information and exit.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Charlie WONG.

.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report ref bugs to 1213charlie@gmail.com.
.br
Github home page: http://github.com/charlie-wong/ref
.br
.SH COPYRIGHT
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later <http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
.br
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
.br
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
